Decouple Numpy layer data initialization (#70)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning-gpu: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking changes

* Deprecate Python 3.7 wheels.
[(#75)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning-gpu/pull/75)

### Improvements

* `lightning.gpu` is decoupled from Numpy layer during initialization and execution
and change lightning.gpu to inherit from QubitDevice instead of LightningQubit.
[(#70)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning-gpu/pull/70)

> * Update `LightningGPU` device following changes in `LightningQubit` inheritance from `DefaultQubit` to `QubitDevice`.
> [(#70)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/70)

Reviewer: Hey @multiphaseCFD! This one should have stayed under Release 0.27, and should be:
```suggestion
* Update `LightningGPU` device following changes in `LightningQubit` inheritance from `DefaultQubit` to `QubitDevice`.
[(#74)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning-gpu/pull/74)
```
Am I right?  :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: correct!

### Improvements

* `lightning.gpu` is decoupled from Numpy layer during initialization and execution
and change lightning.gpu to inherit from QubitDevice instead of LightningQubit.
[(#70)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning-gpu/pull/70)

> 

Reviewer: I believe this log entry should be transferred to the right release, or even merged with the one already there.

Author: will do when merge main into this PR.

Author: done
